1.Question 1
What will you typically need to implement yourself in the programming assignments if you program in C++, Java or Python?


Just writing the output.

Just the solution of the problem.                                                                      (correct)

Reading input, writing output and the solution to the problem.

Just reading the input.



2.Question 2
Your program in C, C++ or Java thinks that the product of numbers 5000050000 and 
5000050000 is equal to -1794967296−1794967296. 
What is the most probable reason?


Compiler error.

Integer overflow.                                                                                        (correct)

The problem statement is wrong.

The input data is incorrect.


3.Question 3
Which tests should you perform before submitting a solution to the programming assignment?


Just check that the answers for the examples from the problem statement are correct.

Just submit the program and see if it passes the assignment.

Test on the examples from the problem statement.                                                                  (correct)
Then make a few other small tests, solve them manually and check that your program outputs the correct answer.
Generate a big input and launch your program to check that it works fast enough and doesn't consume too much memory.
Test for corner cases: smallest allowed values and largest allowed values of all input parameters, equal numbers in the input, 
very long strings, etc. Then make a stress test. After all these tests passed, submit the solution.


Test on the examples from the problem statement. 
Then make a few other small tests, solve them manually and check that your program outputs the correct answer.
After all these tests passed, submit the solution.
 
 

4.Question 4
Where does the input data come from when you implement a stress test?

You generate valid input data as a part of the stress test implementation.                                          (correct)

You enter the input data manually.

You download and use the tests we've prepared to check your solution to the problem.


5.Question 5
If you submit a solution of a programming assignment, but it does not pass some of the tests, 
what feedback will you get from the system?


You will only get the feedback that your program either passed or did not pass.


You will see the input data, the answer of your program, the correct answer, 
how long did your program work and how much memory did it use for each of the tests.


If it is one of the first few tests, you will see the input data, the answer of your program and the correct answer. (correct)
Otherwise, you will only see either that the answer of your program is wrong or that your program is too slow or 
that your program uses too much memory.

